README.md, before:

#Contact Form - Week 1 Code Review
#####Contact Form using Silex and Twig

####By Kelli Sommerdyke

##Description

App for Salon owner to review and add new stylist and their individual list of clients.

##Setup

Clone repository from GitHub.
Run $ composer install.
Enjoy.

##Technologies Used

MySQL, PHP, HTML, CSS, Silex, Twig

###Legal

Copyright (c) 2015 Kelli Sommerdyke

This software is licensed under the MIT license.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Update README to note difficulties with localhost connection

README.md, after:

#Contact Form - Week 1 Code Review
#####Contact Form using Silex and Twig

####By Kelli Sommerdyke

##Description

** [Note to instructor] **
I've been having huge problems with getting my localhost server to run with MySQL.
I haven't been able to test my twig files as a result. I hope to complete the front-end
of this application at Epicodus on the computers there - however it's very important to me
to figure out how to resolve this before the next review! 

App for Salon owner to review and add new stylist and their individual list of clients.

##Setup

Clone repository from GitHub.
Run $ composer install.
Enjoy.

##Technologies Used

MySQL, PHP, HTML, CSS, Silex, Twig

###Legal

Copyright (c) 2015 Kelli Sommerdyke

This software is licensed under the MIT license.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
